good morning it's december 21
2020 and it's a monday
here in l.a a clear morning
with a pretty good breeze blowing
around 54 degrees fahrenheit right now
12 celsius today
is the winter solstice
the shortest day of the year
now the days are going to start getting
longer and springtime
is right around the corner when
at least in l.a that night blooming
jasmine will once again
fill the air with its sublime
fragrance
should be going up to a pretty toasty 80
degrees here in la this afternoon
around 27 celsius
and it looks like we're going to be
enjoying those beautiful blue skies
and golden sunshine all along the way
everyone have a great day